releases/25-07-2024/android (#134)
hove-io/navitia_sdk_docs: docs/bookmark/android/index.md

<img class="img-overview" src="/navitia_sdk_docs/assets/img/bookmark_android_favorites_screen.png" alt="Favorites screen">

## 🎨 Theming

> The module utilizes graphical components from Material Design 3. To ensure these components function correctly and display properly on the screen, it is crucial to apply the appropriate parent theme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module uses graphical components from Material Design 3. To ensure these components function correctly and get displayed properly on the screen, it is crucial to apply the appropriate parent theme:
```

```xml
<style name="Theme.App" parent="Theme.Material3.*"> <!-- (1) -->
    ...
</style>
```

1.  Replace by the specific theme. For example: `Theme.Material3.Light.NoActionBar`

## 📢 Communicating with other modules or the app

Bookmark module can exchange data with, or navigate to, other modules or the host application.

### Application

Some route or callbacks are delegated to the application.
If you have to receive some module data, the `Router` module must register a receiver with the right parameter:

``` kotlin
Router.getInstance()
    .register(appData = appRouterDataImpl) // (1)
```

> 1.  `appRouterDataImpl` should be the class instance implementing `AppRouter.Data` interface. We recommand usign a `Application` subclass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  `appRouterDataImpl` should be the class instance implementing `AppRouter.Data` interface. We recommend using an `Application` subclass.
```

If you have to handle navigation between modules, the `Router` module must also register a receiver:

``` kotlin
Router.getInstance()
    .register(appUi = appRouterUiImpl) // (1)
```

> 1.  `appRouterUiImpl` should be the class instance implementing `AppRouter.UI` interface. We recommand usign a `Application` subclass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  `appRouterUiImpl` should be the class instance implementing `AppRouter.UI` interface. We recommend using a `Application` subclass.
```

}
```

| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `id` | `String` | Updated favorite station id |

### Modules

#### Journey

This module communicates with [Journey](../../journey/) module in order to get directions for a chosen itinerary. You should enable the `go_from_go_to` parameter in the [features configuration](../../getting_started/#around-me-features).<br>
When the user taps on a marker on the map, the buttons **Go from there** and **Go to there** should pop up as follows:

<img class="img-overview" src="/navitia_sdk_docs/assets/img/bookmark_android_go_fromto.png" alt="Go from/to">

Clicking on one of the buttons will redirect the user to Journey module with the given origin/destination.

The following method from the `AppRouter.UI` interface should be implemented by the host application to enable navigation to the Journey module or any other custom screens. Note that the parameters of these methods can be ignored as needed.

```kotlin
override fun openJourneysViaHost(
    origin: SharedData.JourneyPoint?,
    destination: SharedData.JourneyPoint?,
    showDirectlyAutoCompletion: Boolean
) {
    // launch the journey module screen or your custom screen
}
```

> | Param | Type | Description | Value |
> | --- | --- | --- | --- |
> | `origin` | `SharedData.JourneyPoint?` | Point de départ souhaité de l'itinéraire. Il n'est pas obligatoire |
> | `destination` | `SharedData.JourneyPoint?` | Point d'arrivée souhaité de l'itinéraire. Il n'est pas obligatoire  |
> | `showDirectlyAutoCompletion` | `Boolean` | Affiche directement la recherche de départ et/ou d'arrivée |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `origin` | `SharedData.JourneyPoint?` | Journey departure point  |
| `destination` | `SharedData.JourneyPoint?` | Journey arrival point  |
| `showDirectlyAutoCompletion` | `Boolean` | Enable/disable showing the autocompletion on screen launch |
```
